- Overall consumption refers to the total amount of energy consumed by all community members over the timeframe of the dataset. 
- Supply refers to the total amount of overproduction, i.e. a community member has supply if it produces more than it consumes during some time interval and thus has some quantity of energy to sell. It is assumed that all self-produced energy that is not consumed immediately is offered on the community market and counts towards supply. Analogously, all consumption that is not covered by self-production is asked for on the community market and thus counts towards demand.
- The trading volume is the total amount of energy traded on the community market.
- An overproduction (overconsumption) datapoint is defined as a single community member having more production (consumption) than consumption (production) in a single timestep. For most prosumers, the number of overconsumption datapoints significantly outnumbers the number of overproduction datapoints.
- The ratio of demand covered by trades refers to the ratio of demand (consumption not covered by self-production) covered by purchases on the community market. If this ratio is 1, the community would be self-sufficient and able to cover its entire consumption by self-production and trading. This metric indicates how helpful the market is for this community in times of overconsumption. If it is close to 0, it means that there's almost no supply when there's demand.
- The percentage of supply sold indicates how helpful the market is for the community in times of overproduction. If close to 100, it means that there's still sufficient demand when there's overproduction (supply).
